Discrete nucleation variable size insertion (#15938)
idaholab/moose: modules/phase_field/doc/content/source/userobjects/DiscreteNucleationFromFile.md

!syntax description /UserObjects/DiscreteNucleationFromFile

This inserter can be used for verification and test cases. Instead of
stochastic nucleus insertion via a probability calculated in
[`DiscreteNucleationInserter`](/DiscreteNucleationInserter.md), this object reads
a CSV file with columns for nucleus insertion time (`time`) and the coordinates
of the insertion point (`x`, `y`, `z`).  The nuclei inserted can be of a fixed

> radius or have a variable radius; this is specified with a boolean variable `fixed_radius`.
> If the radius is fixed, a value must be supplied that is greater than zero.  If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
radius or have a variable radius. If the parameter `radius`, which must be greater than 0, is specified
a fixed radius will be used.  If
```

Author: changed
